Source
 https://breckyunits.com/
 
 Sat, 23 Nov 2024 18:17:57 +0000
 en-us
 
On Focus
https://breckyunits.com/focus.html
Invalid Date

 
Comics
https://breckyunits.com/comics.html
Invalid Date

 
Writeable
https://breckyunits.com/writeable.html
Invalid Date

 
Why Scroll?
https://breckyunits.com/whyScroll.html
Invalid Date

 
Copyright is a mind virus
https://breckyunits.com/copyrightIsAMindVirus.html
Invalid Date

 
Patents are Poison
https://breckyunits.com/patentsArePoison.html
Invalid Date

 
What do you need to make our universe?
https://breckyunits.com/essentials.html
Invalid Date

 
Strong Startup Advice
https://breckyunits.com/startupAdvice.html
Invalid Date

 
sf: instant scratch folders
https://breckyunits.com/sf.html
Invalid Date

 
Microprogramming: A New Way to Program
https://breckyunits.com/microprograms.html
Invalid Date

 
The Liver Turns On and Off
https://breckyunits.com/liver.html
Invalid Date

 
Make Something You Love
https://breckyunits.com/makeSomethingYouLove.html
Invalid Date

 
Flaws in Heaven
https://breckyunits.com/flawsInHeaven.html
Invalid Date

 
The Galton Board
https://breckyunits.com/hebner.html
Invalid Date

 
Advice to the current batch of YCombinator companies: demand carry
https://breckyunits.com/letter.html
Invalid Date

 
Particle Chain: A New Kind of Blockchain
https://breckyunits.com/particleChain.html
Invalid Date

 
Humans
https://breckyunits.com/humans.html
Invalid Date

 
Nature's Eternal Omen: Do not ignore me.
https://breckyunits.com/neo.html
Invalid Date

 
Why Warpcast should not add blocking
https://breckyunits.com/blocking.html
Invalid Date

 
A Review of the South Park Commons Rejection Letter
https://breckyunits.com/southPark.html
Invalid Date

 
PAU: Patient Accessible and Understandable health records
https://breckyunits.com/pau.html
Invalid Date

 
The Journey of the Ketones
https://breckyunits.com/ketoneMap.html
Invalid Date

 
Part Assholes are Awesome
https://breckyunits.com/assholes.html
Invalid Date

 
David's Last Letter
https://breckyunits.com/davidsLastLetter.html
Invalid Date

 
Abraham Lincoln: "Discourage Litigation."
https://breckyunits.com/litigation.html
Invalid Date

 
ETA!: A Measure of Evolution
https://breckyunits.com/eta.html
Invalid Date

 
Early Source
https://breckyunits.com/earlySource.html
Invalid Date

 
Vest Early. Vest Often.
https://breckyunits.com/vestEarlyVestOften.html
Invalid Date

 
IPDD
https://breckyunits.com/ipdd.html
Invalid Date

 
CheckBox: An Online + Offline Voting System
https://breckyunits.com/checkbox.html
Invalid Date

 
The World Wide Scroll
https://breckyunits.com/wws.html
Invalid Date

 
Download this Blog
https://breckyunits.com/download.html
Invalid Date

 
ICS: A Measure of Intelligence
https://breckyunits.com/intelligence.html
Invalid Date

 
PTCRI: An Equation about Syntax Potential
https://breckyunits.com/ptcri.html
Invalid Date

 
Breck's Lab
https://breckyunits.com/lab.html
Invalid Date

 
The Choice
https://breckyunits.com/meaning.html
Invalid Date

 
Patch: a micro language to make pretty deep links easy
https://breckyunits.com/patch.html
Invalid Date

 
Bring back RadioShack?
https://breckyunits.com/radioShack.html
Invalid Date

 
What can we learn from programming language version numbers?
https://breckyunits.com/versionNumbers.html
Invalid Date

 
Abort Bars
https://breckyunits.com/abortBar.html
Invalid Date

 
The Omni Restaurant
https://breckyunits.com/omniRestaurant.html
Invalid Date

 
ScrollSets: A New Way to Store Knowledge
https://breckyunits.com/scrollsets.html
Invalid Date

 
High Impact Thoughts
https://breckyunits.com/hits.html
Invalid Date

 
PMF Mirages
https://breckyunits.com/pmfMirage.html
Invalid Date

 
The law favors ChatGPT over humans
https://breckyunits.com/digitalCopyright.html
Invalid Date

 
Corporate Email
https://breckyunits.com/corporateEmail.html
Invalid Date

 
Marks
https://breckyunits.com/marks.html
Invalid Date

 
The Tallest Tree
https://breckyunits.com/theTallestTree.html
Invalid Date

 
Three Scientists Go To Heaven
https://breckyunits.com/aScientistGoesToHeaven.html
Invalid Date

 
Hypothermia
https://breckyunits.com/badModels.html
Invalid Date

 
A Higher Language
https://breckyunits.com/aHigherLanguage.html
Invalid Date

 
Hot Coffee
https://breckyunits.com/datasets.html
Invalid Date

 
Big O's Kitchen
https://breckyunits.com/bigOsKitchen.html
Invalid Date

 
The Fastest in the World
https://breckyunits.com/fastest.html
Invalid Date

 
Final Tree Notation Report
https://breckyunits.com/treeNotationFinalReport.html
Invalid Date

 
The Box Method of Science
https://breckyunits.com/boxMethod.html
Invalid Date

 
Synthesizing Knowledge
https://breckyunits.com/synthesizingKnowledge.html
Invalid Date

 
Why do we subsidize lies?
https://breckyunits.com/whyDoWeSubsidizeLies.html
Invalid Date

 
Beliefs
https://breckyunits.com/beliefs.html
Invalid Date

 
On Eating Animals
https://breckyunits.com/eatingAnimals.html
Invalid Date

 
Words are Worse than Weights
https://breckyunits.com/wordsAreWorseThanWeights.html
Invalid Date

 
If nature is doing it...
https://breckyunits.com/ifNatureIsDoingIt.html
Invalid Date

 
Could in vitro brains power AI?
https://breckyunits.com/couldInVitroBrainsPowerAI.html
Invalid Date

 
Writing in 2024
https://breckyunits.com/nyd2024.html
Invalid Date

 
I thought we could build AI experts by hand
https://breckyunits.com/iThoughtWeCouldBuildAIExpertsByHand.html
Invalid Date

 
A Proposal to Solve Government Forms Worldwide, Forever
https://breckyunits.com/a-proposal-on-government-forms.html
Invalid Date

 
Many Narratives. All true.
https://breckyunits.com/many-narratives-all-true.html
Invalid Date

 
Live Free or AGI
https://breckyunits.com/live-free-or-agi.html
Invalid Date

 
A Mathematical Model of Copyright
https://breckyunits.com/a-mathematical-model-of-copyright.html
Invalid Date

 
Walking and other invisible tools of thought
https://breckyunits.com/walking-as-a-tool-of-thought.html
Invalid Date

 
Enchained Symbols
https://breckyunits.com/enchained-symbols.html
Invalid Date

 
A Public Domain Human
https://breckyunits.com/a-public-domain-human.html
Invalid Date

 
SafeFS
https://breckyunits.com/safeFs.html
Invalid Date

 
Use the Spine
https://breckyunits.com/useTheSpine.html
Invalid Date

 
One Textarea
https://breckyunits.com/oneTextarea.html
Invalid Date

 
Root Thinking
https://breckyunits.com/root-thinking.html
Invalid Date

 
Replies always welcome
https://breckyunits.com/replies-always-welcome.html
Invalid Date

 
Training a neural network to spot misinformation and fake news from a single image
https://breckyunits.com/misinformationOrFakeNewsNeuralNetwork.html
Invalid Date

 
A scratch ticket with a positive expected value
https://breckyunits.com/scratch-ticket.html
Invalid Date

 
Cancer and Copyright
https://breckyunits.com/cancer-and-copyright.html
Invalid Date

 
An Angel Investor's Data
https://breckyunits.com/an-angel-investors-data.html
Invalid Date

 
How the public domain can win
https://breckyunits.com/how-the-public-domain-can-win.html
Invalid Date

 
The Three Byte Fix
https://breckyunits.com/ckmeans.html
Invalid Date

 
Upstream of Everything
https://breckyunits.com/upstream-of-everything.html
Invalid Date

 
Brain Pilots
https://breckyunits.com/brain-pilots.html
Invalid Date

 
Aftertext
https://breckyunits.com/aftertext.html
Invalid Date

 
Write Thin to Write Fast
https://breckyunits.com/write-thin-to-write-fast.html
Invalid Date

 
User Methods
https://breckyunits.com/user-methods.html
Invalid Date

 
Goblin Interviews Alexandra Elbakian
https://breckyunits.com/elbakian-interview.html
Invalid Date

 
Scrolldown now has Dialogues
https://breckyunits.com/dialogues.html
Invalid Date

 
The Intellectual Freedom Amendment
https://breckyunits.com/ifa.html
Invalid Date

 
Some old blogs
https://breckyunits.com/some-old-blogs.html
Invalid Date

 
Strong Advice
https://breckyunits.com/advice.html
Invalid Date

 
Logeracy
https://breckyunits.com/logeracy.html
Invalid Date

 
How to fix the CDC, NIH, etc
https://breckyunits.com/how-to-fix-the-cdc.html
Invalid Date

 
How James Park built FitBit
https://breckyunits.com/how-james-park-built-fitbit.html
Invalid Date

 
Insist on Focus - Keith Rabois describes working at PayPal
https://breckyunits.com/insist-on-focus.html
Invalid Date

 
The Public Domain Publishing Company
https://breckyunits.com/the-public-domain-publishing-company.html
Invalid Date

 
Scroll Beta
https://breckyunits.com/scroll-beta.html
Invalid Date

 
Sleepy Time Conference
https://breckyunits.com/sleepyTimeConference.html
Invalid Date

 
2019 Tree Notation Annual Report
https://breckyunits.com/tree-notation-annual-report-2019.html
Invalid Date

 
Medical Records to the Moon
https://breckyunits.com/medical-records-to-the-moon.html
Invalid Date

 
Musing on the Future of Healthcare
https://breckyunits.com/musing-on-the-future-of-healthcare.html
Invalid Date

 
How Old Are These Keys? Five Eras of Human Progress
https://breckyunits.com/how-old-are-these-keys.html
Invalid Date

 
An Unpopular Phrase
https://breckyunits.com/an-unpopular-phrase.html
Invalid Date

 
Integrity and Perseverance in Business ensure success (1853)
https://breckyunits.com/integrity-and-perseverance-in-business-ensure-success.html
Invalid Date

 
Building a TreeBase with 6.5 million files
https://breckyunits.com/building-a-treebase-with-6.5-million-files.html
Invalid Date

 
Dataset Needed
https://breckyunits.com/dataset-needed.html
Invalid Date

 
Type the World
https://breckyunits.com/type-the-world.html
Invalid Date

 
If stories are lies why do they work?
https://breckyunits.com/if-stories-are-lies-why-do-they-work.html
Invalid Date

 
Dreaming of a Data Checked Language
https://breckyunits.com/dreaming-of-a-data-checked-language.html
Invalid Date

 
English cannot encode Real News
https://breckyunits.com/english-cannot-encode-real-news.html
Invalid Date

 
30,000 Hours
https://breckyunits.com/30000hours.html
Invalid Date

 
Removing the 2’s from Trinary Notation is a Terrible Idea.
https://breckyunits.com/trinary.html
Invalid Date

 
PAC: Particle Atom Complexity
https://breckyunits.com/countingComplexity.html
Invalid Date

 
Parsers: a language for making languages
https://breckyunits.com/aGrammarNotationForTreeLanguages.html
Invalid Date

 
Ohayo
https://breckyunits.com/ohayo.html
Invalid Date

 
A New Discovery in Computer Science: 2-Dimensional Programming Languages
https://breckyunits.com/show-hn-programming-is-now-two-dimensional.html
Invalid Date

 
Tree Notation: an antifragile program notation
https://breckyunits.com/treenotationPaper.html
Invalid Date

 
Big Data Notation
https://breckyunits.com/big-data-notation.html
Invalid Date

 
NudgePad: An IDE in Your Browser
https://breckyunits.com/nudgepad-an-ide-in-your-browser.html
Invalid Date

 
ScrollNet: A successor to the Internet
https://breckyunits.com/scrollnet.html
Invalid Date

 
Software Should Save People Time
https://breckyunits.com/software-should-save-people-time.html
Invalid Date

 
Time
https://breckyunits.com/time.html
Invalid Date

 
Money is Meant to Circulate
https://breckyunits.com/money-is-meant-to-circulate.html
Invalid Date

 
Why 10,000 hours?
https://breckyunits.com/why-10000-hours.html
Invalid Date

 
Minor Epiphanies
https://breckyunits.com/minor-epiphanies.html
Invalid Date

 
The Booster Design Pattern
https://breckyunits.com/the-booster-design-pattern.html
Invalid Date

 
Startups and Planes
https://breckyunits.com/startups-and-planes.html
Invalid Date

 
Save Your Money for Great Values
https://breckyunits.com/save-your-money-for-great-values.html
Invalid Date

 
Infinite Futures
https://breckyunits.com/infinite-futures.html
Invalid Date

 
Prove It
https://breckyunits.com/prove-it.html
Invalid Date

 
The Great Bank Robbery
https://breckyunits.com/the-great-bank-robbery.html
Invalid Date

 
Responsibility
https://breckyunits.com/responsibility.html
Invalid Date

 
Black Swans and Technology
https://breckyunits.com/black-swans-and-technology.html
Invalid Date

 
Deliver
https://breckyunits.com/deliver.html
Invalid Date

 
Can't Lose. Could Win Big.
https://breckyunits.com/cant-lose-could-win-big.html
Invalid Date

 
Probability Makes Planes Fly
https://breckyunits.com/probability-makes-planes-fly.html
Invalid Date

 
Narratives Misrepresent Complex Systems
https://breckyunits.com/narratives-misrepresent-complex-systems.html
Invalid Date

 
Simple is...
https://breckyunits.com/simple-is.html
Invalid Date

 
Introducing Note
https://breckyunits.com/introducing-note.html
Invalid Date

 
Planets and Pebbles
https://breckyunits.com/planets-and-pebbles.html
Invalid Date

 
Publishing More
https://breckyunits.com/publishing-more.html
Invalid Date

 
Setplicity
https://breckyunits.com/setplicity.html
Invalid Date

 
Naming Things
https://breckyunits.com/naming-things.html
Invalid Date

 
What can a Programmer learn from Rock Climbing?
https://breckyunits.com/what-can-a-programmer-learn-from-rock-climbing.html
Invalid Date

 
Look for a Line
https://breckyunits.com/look-for-a-line.html
Invalid Date

 
Backpack the World with Zero Planning
https://breckyunits.com/backpack-the-world-with-zero-planning.html
Invalid Date

 
The Economy Explained
https://breckyunits.com/the-economy-explained.html
Invalid Date

 
Circle of Competence
https://breckyunits.com/circle-of-competence.html
Invalid Date

 
Critical Thinking
https://breckyunits.com/critical-thinking.html
Invalid Date

 
How is Intelligence Distributed?
https://breckyunits.com/how-is-intelligence-distributed.html
Invalid Date

 
Kids are Neat
https://breckyunits.com/kids-are-neat.html
Invalid Date

 
Nature Verse Nurture
https://breckyunits.com/nature-verse-nurture.html
Invalid Date

 
Recommendations Are Far From Good
https://breckyunits.com/recommendations-are-far-from-good.html
Invalid Date

 
Ruby
https://breckyunits.com/ruby.html
Invalid Date

 
You Can't Predict the Future
https://breckyunits.com/you-cant-predict-the-future.html
Invalid Date

 
The Recency Effect
https://breckyunits.com/the-recency-effect.html
Invalid Date

 
What Percentage of the Brain Does What?
https://breckyunits.com/what-percentage-of-the-brain-does-what.html
Invalid Date

 
The Ovarian Lottery and Other Side Projects
https://breckyunits.com/the-ovarian-lottery-and-other-side-projects.html
Invalid Date

 
Happiness is in Mediocristan
https://breckyunits.com/happiness-is-in-mediocristan.html
Invalid Date

 
Orbits
https://breckyunits.com/orbits.html
Invalid Date

 
What I Want
https://breckyunits.com/what-i-want.html
Invalid Date

 
The Do You Know Game and Why We Need Celebrities
https://breckyunits.com/the-do-you-know-game-and-why-we-need-celebrities.html
Invalid Date

 
Design Matters. A lot.
https://breckyunits.com/design-matters-a-lot.html
Invalid Date

 
Competition and Specialization
https://breckyunits.com/competition-and-specialization.html
Invalid Date

 
Simple, but not easy
https://breckyunits.com/simple-but-not-easy.html
Invalid Date

 
Flip Flopping
https://breckyunits.com/flip-flopping.html
Invalid Date

 
The Churn Rate of Data
https://breckyunits.com/the-churn-rate-of-data.html
Invalid Date

 
Culture and Complexity
https://breckyunits.com/culture-and-complexity.html
Invalid Date

 
The Invention of Free Will
https://breckyunits.com/the-invention-of-free-will.html
Invalid Date

 
Why is it best to do one thing really, really well?
https://breckyunits.com/why-is-it-best-to-do-one-thing-really-really-well.html
Invalid Date

 
The Hidden Benefits of Automation
https://breckyunits.com/the-hidden-benefits-of-automation.html
Invalid Date

 
Metrics for Programmers
https://breckyunits.com/metrics-for-programmers.html
Invalid Date

 
HackerNews Data: Visits as a Function of Karma
https://breckyunits.com/hackernews-data-visits-as-a-function-of-karma.html
Invalid Date

 
Don't talk about what you will do, talk about what you have done
https://breckyunits.com/dont-talk-about-what-you-will-do-talk-about-what-you-have-done.html
Invalid Date

 
Why it's worth it to buy the book
https://breckyunits.com/why-its-worth-it-to-buy-the-book.html
Invalid Date

 
The Least You Can Do
https://breckyunits.com/the-least-you-can-do.html
Invalid Date

 
Four Tips to Improve Communication
https://breckyunits.com/four-tips-to-improve-communication.html
Invalid Date

 
Network Effects
https://breckyunits.com/network-effects.html
Invalid Date

 
If you can explain something logically, you can explain it simply
https://breckyunits.com/if-you-can-explain-something-logically-you-can-explain-it-simply.html
Invalid Date

 
With Computers: Don't Repeat Yourself. With People: DO Repeat Yourself
https://breckyunits.com/with-computers-dont-repeat-yourself-with-people-do-repeat-yourself.html
Invalid Date

 
When forced to wait, wait!
https://breckyunits.com/when-forced-to-wait-wait.html
Invalid Date

 
How to Buy Low, Sell High
https://breckyunits.com/how-to-buy-low-sell-high.html
Invalid Date

 
Flee the Bubble
https://breckyunits.com/flee-the-bubble.html
Invalid Date

 
Checklist for New Products
https://breckyunits.com/checklist-for-new-products.html
Invalid Date

 
Diversification in Startups
https://breckyunits.com/diversification-in-startups.html
Invalid Date

 
Thoughts on Setting Goals
https://breckyunits.com/thoughts-on-setting-goals.html
Invalid Date

 
Problems Worth Solving
https://breckyunits.com/problems-worth-solving.html
Invalid Date

 
Make Something 40% of Your Customers Must Have
https://breckyunits.com/make-something-40-of-your-customers-must-have.html
Invalid Date

 
SEO Made Easy: LUMPS
https://breckyunits.com/seo-made-easy-lumps.html
Invalid Date

 
Don't Flip the Bit
https://breckyunits.com/dont-flip-the-bozo-bit.html
Invalid Date

 
(un)features
https://breckyunits.com/unfeatures.html
Invalid Date

 
Get Stuff Done By Setting Arbitrary Constraints
https://breckyunits.com/get-stuff-done-by-setting-arbitrary-constraints.html
Invalid Date

 
Why You Shouldn't Save Blogging for Old Age
https://breckyunits.com/why-you-shouldnt-save-blogging-for-old-age.html
Invalid Date

 
6 Specific Ways to Find Programming Mentors
https://breckyunits.com/6-specific-ways-to-find-programming-mentors.html
Invalid Date

 
Orders of Magnitude
https://breckyunits.com/orders-of-magnitude.html
Invalid Date

 
The Many Worlds Law
https://breckyunits.com/the-many-worlds-law.html
Invalid Date

 
Twelve Tips to Master Programming Faster
https://breckyunits.com/twelve-tips-to-master-programming-faster.html
Invalid Date

 
What's Linear Algebra?
https://breckyunits.com/whats-linear-algebra.html
Invalid Date

 
Fiction or Nonfiction?
https://breckyunits.com/fiction-or-nonfiction.html
Invalid Date

 
Experience is What You Get
https://breckyunits.com/experience-is-what-you-get.html
Invalid Date

 
I'm Back
https://breckyunits.com/im-back.html
Invalid Date

 
What you focus on, increases
https://breckyunits.com/what-you-focus-on-increases.html
Invalid Date

 
The Truth about Web Design
https://breckyunits.com/the-truth-about-web-design.html
Invalid Date

 
Twitter Search Wins Again
https://breckyunits.com/twitter-search-wins-again.html
Invalid Date

 
Irrational Numbers
https://breckyunits.com/irrational-numbers.html
Invalid Date

 
Are you Making Something that will become ‘Absolutely Irrelevant’?
https://breckyunits.com/are-you-making-something-that-will-become-absolutely-irrelevant.html
Invalid Date

 
Meteorite Caught on Film
https://breckyunits.com/meteorite-caught-on-film.html
Invalid Date

 
When the Market Says No, Listen
https://breckyunits.com/my-best-startup-advice-numbers-numbers-numbers.html
Invalid Date

 
San Francisco
https://breckyunits.com/san-francisco.html
Invalid Date

 
JustHackIt
https://breckyunits.com/justhackit.html
Invalid Date

 
Bigger Telescopes are needed to Solve Global Warming
https://breckyunits.com/bigger-telescopes-are-needed-to-solve-global-warming.html
Invalid Date

 
How to Cure the Hiccups
https://breckyunits.com/how-to-cure-the-hiccups.html
Invalid Date

 
Trying Shelfari, GoodReads, and LibraryThing
https://breckyunits.com/trying-shelfari-goodreads-and-librarything.html
Invalid Date

 
Over Half of the World is Older Than Me
https://breckyunits.com/over-half-of-the-world-is-older-than-me.html
Invalid Date

 
Bloggers Turning Pro
https://breckyunits.com/bloggers-who-turned-pro-and-their-famous-last-words.html
Invalid Date

 
Daily Gas Use for the United States and the World
https://breckyunits.com/daily-gas-use-for-the-united-states-and-the-world.html
Invalid Date

 
Analyzing the Hacker News Users’ Join Dates, Karma, and Profiles
https://breckyunits.com/analyzing-the-hacker-news-users-join-dates-karma-and-profiles.html
Invalid Date

 
First Place in the Stock Market Game
https://breckyunits.com/first-place-in-the-stock-market-game.html
Invalid Date

 
Why a Team is Worth a lot more than an Idea
https://breckyunits.com/why-a-team-is-worth-a-lot-more-than-an-idea.html
Invalid Date

 
Learning How to Program Part I
https://breckyunits.com/learning-how-to-program-part-i.html
Invalid Date

 
I guess the time has come
https://breckyunits.com/i-guess-the-time-had-come.html
Invalid Date
